c:\users\under\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DonovanVsDevin\DonovanVsDevin\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DonovanVsDevin.deps.json
c:\users\under\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DonovanVsDevin\DonovanVsDevin\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DonovanVsDevin.runtimeconfig.json
c:\users\under\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DonovanVsDevin\DonovanVsDevin\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DonovanVsDevin.runtimeconfig.dev.json
c:\users\under\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DonovanVsDevin\DonovanVsDevin\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DonovanVsDevin.dll
c:\users\under\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DonovanVsDevin\DonovanVsDevin\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DonovanVsDevin.pdb
c:\users\under\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DonovanVsDevin\DonovanVsDevin\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DonovanVsDevin.Views.dll
c:\users\under\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DonovanVsDevin\DonovanVsDevin\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DonovanVsDevin.Views.pdb
c:\users\under\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DonovanVsDevin\DonovanVsDevin\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DonovanVsDevin.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\under\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DonovanVsDevin\DonovanVsDevin\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DonovanVsDevin.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\under\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DonovanVsDevin\DonovanVsDevin\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DonovanVsDevin.RazorAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\users\under\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DonovanVsDevin\DonovanVsDevin\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DonovanVsDevin.RazorAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\users\under\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DonovanVsDevin\DonovanVsDevin\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DonovanVsDevin.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\users\under\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DonovanVsDevin\DonovanVsDevin\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DonovanVsDevin.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\users\under\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DonovanVsDevin\DonovanVsDevin\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DonovanVsDevin.TagHelpers.input.cache
c:\users\under\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DonovanVsDevin\DonovanVsDevin\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DonovanVsDevin.TagHelpers.output.cache
c:\users\under\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DonovanVsDevin\DonovanVsDevin\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DonovanVsDevin.RazorCoreGenerate.cache
c:\users\under\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DonovanVsDevin\DonovanVsDevin\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Pages\Error.g.cshtml.cs
c:\users\under\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DonovanVsDevin\DonovanVsDevin\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Pages\Index.g.cshtml.cs
c:\users\under\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DonovanVsDevin\DonovanVsDevin\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Pages\Shared\_Layout.g.cshtml.cs
c:\users\under\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DonovanVsDevin\DonovanVsDevin\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Pages\Shared\_ValidationScriptsPartial.g.cshtml.cs
c:\users\under\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DonovanVsDevin\DonovanVsDevin\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Pages\_ViewImports.g.cshtml.cs
c:\users\under\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DonovanVsDevin\DonovanVsDevin\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Pages\_ViewStart.g.cshtml.cs
c:\users\under\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DonovanVsDevin\DonovanVsDevin\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DonovanVsDevin.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\users\under\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DonovanVsDevin\DonovanVsDevin\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DonovanVsDevin.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\users\under\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DonovanVsDevin\DonovanVsDevin\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DonovanVsDevin.Views.pdb
c:\users\under\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DonovanVsDevin\DonovanVsDevin\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DonovanVsDevin.dll
c:\users\under\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DonovanVsDevin\DonovanVsDevin\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DonovanVsDevin.pdb
c:\users\under\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DonovanVsDevin\DonovanVsDevin\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DonovanVsDevin.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\TFS\DonovanVsDevin\DonovanVsDevin\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DonovanVsDevin.deps.json
C:\TFS\DonovanVsDevin\DonovanVsDevin\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DonovanVsDevin.runtimeconfig.json
C:\TFS\DonovanVsDevin\DonovanVsDevin\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DonovanVsDevin.runtimeconfig.dev.json
C:\TFS\DonovanVsDevin\DonovanVsDevin\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DonovanVsDevin.dll
C:\TFS\DonovanVsDevin\DonovanVsDevin\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DonovanVsDevin.pdb
C:\TFS\DonovanVsDevin\DonovanVsDevin\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DonovanVsDevin.Views.dll
C:\TFS\DonovanVsDevin\DonovanVsDevin\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DonovanVsDevin.Views.pdb
C:\TFS\DonovanVsDevin\DonovanVsDevin\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DonovanVsDevin.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\TFS\DonovanVsDevin\DonovanVsDevin\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DonovanVsDevin.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\TFS\DonovanVsDevin\DonovanVsDevin\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DonovanVsDevin.RazorAssemblyInfo.cache
C:\TFS\DonovanVsDevin\DonovanVsDevin\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DonovanVsDevin.RazorAssemblyInfo.cs
C:\TFS\DonovanVsDevin\DonovanVsDevin\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\UserSecretsAssemblyInfo.cs
C:\TFS\DonovanVsDevin\DonovanVsDevin\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DonovanVsDevin.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\TFS\DonovanVsDevin\DonovanVsDevin\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DonovanVsDevin.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\TFS\DonovanVsDevin\DonovanVsDevin\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DonovanVsDevin.TagHelpers.input.cache
C:\TFS\DonovanVsDevin\DonovanVsDevin\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DonovanVsDevin.TagHelpers.output.cache
C:\TFS\DonovanVsDevin\DonovanVsDevin\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DonovanVsDevin.RazorCoreGenerate.cache
C:\TFS\DonovanVsDevin\DonovanVsDevin\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Pages\Error.g.cshtml.cs
C:\TFS\DonovanVsDevin\DonovanVsDevin\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Pages\Index.g.cshtml.cs
C:\TFS\DonovanVsDevin\DonovanVsDevin\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Pages\Shared\_Layout.g.cshtml.cs
C:\TFS\DonovanVsDevin\DonovanVsDevin\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Pages\Shared\_ValidationScriptsPartial.g.cshtml.cs
C:\TFS\DonovanVsDevin\DonovanVsDevin\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Pages\_ViewImports.g.cshtml.cs
C:\TFS\DonovanVsDevin\DonovanVsDevin\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Pages\_ViewStart.g.cshtml.cs
C:\TFS\DonovanVsDevin\DonovanVsDevin\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DonovanVsDevin.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cache
C:\TFS\DonovanVsDevin\DonovanVsDevin\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DonovanVsDevin.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cs
C:\TFS\DonovanVsDevin\DonovanVsDevin\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DonovanVsDevin.Views.pdb
C:\TFS\DonovanVsDevin\DonovanVsDevin\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DonovanVsDevin.dll
C:\TFS\DonovanVsDevin\DonovanVsDevin\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DonovanVsDevin.pdb
C:\TFS\DonovanVsDevin\DonovanVsDevin\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\DonovanVsDevin.csproj.CopyComplete
